c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\ModernMetroUI.exe.config
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\ModernMetroUI.exe
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\ModernMetroUI.pdb
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.exe
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.pdb
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.frmMain.resources
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.ucDashBoard.resources
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.usCategires.resources
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.usProducts.resources
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mansour\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Mansour\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.usLogin.resources
C:\Users\Mansour\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.usArchive.resources
C:\Users\Mansour\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.frmRemmber.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\ModernMetroUI.exe.config
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\ModernMetroUI.exe
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\ModernMetroUI.pdb
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\XLDbLayer.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\WizardBase.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\FileBrowser.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\office.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.frmMain.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.frmRemmber.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.ucAccountUser.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.ucDashBoard.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.ucDocType.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.uctypeList.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.usArchive.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.usLogin.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.usProducts.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.exe
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.pdb
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.frmDocViewer.resources
D:\Freelancer\ModernMetroUI\ModernMetroUI\obj\Debug\ModernMetroUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
